[Music]
Hey my dear kids, what's
up kids, I don't even know what channel
I'm on anymore and I'm saying hello like a
lady I hate this news real quick here
okay I was going to mention it
live but come on I don't know how this
went unnoticed and nobody has
brought it up but it's incredible incredible jab
well that incredible poisoned dart
completely that Aiton throws encouragement
gameplay in his face okay with
this giving Dallas the reason well what he got
out about oh Tony out Aiton hasn't
taken any legal action he hasn't done
anything he's not responding to anything he's continued
playing his game so well there are
people who have taken this as a
confirmation I don't know what let's see what let's see
what you all think when you see this he
says not a word which for me is
completely giving Dallas the right not a word about
Dallas' videos or at least the
strong controversy pay attention because thank you I
'll cause you to do when I see
myself you can't go around criticizing me
crazy it's worth it  presentation yes but no
or friends
your role is really
violin and cloudy and I'm going to show you
what even if you don't want to girl when coming
here okay draw your
own conclusions but come on I'm
clear about the [ __ ] as how it went I'm not
clear about the barb as there are two families I
'm reading you tell me what you think
remember that today we did a live
on this channel tomorrow I'll probably upload
a video to the main channel and you have me
on titos instagram twitter everything everything a
content creator okay from the era a
hug to people see you
[Music]